Cousin, the new product you designed is about to hit the market.
This is the advertising plan designed by each department
Which one is better?
Also the final winner
He will say that he wants to attend the reception held by the head office tomorrow.
OK, let me see.
This plan is not bad
Who did this?
Los cedars
Why is he in the aesthetic group?
The one who used your identity?
I'll call and ask
No.
Someone who can come up with such an excellent plan
It shows that he is still a bit talented
Can't be beaten to death with a stick
Oh, right.
Put someone in for me at the reception
Call Yang Qianchen on purpose
Will you save your daughter's mother?
Ok, I'll marry you now.
Do I have to go first?
Wait cousin
Master and uncle, they all want you back
The child didn't wait for the idea, okay?
Oh, I see.
I'll go back when I'm done with this while
Shanshan, my advertisement
The plan has been approved by the head office.
What meeting can you attend tomorrow?
Really? Thank you, Prime Minister Chen.
Thank me for what?
Shanshan, your work ability is strong.
Isn't that my work plan?
How did it become Los Angeles?